[Music]
very good to all of you who are in my villa
here we are to say who is going to be
the winner of the pokemon draw that is going
to bring these three initials ginés with
hidden abilities and with six i vents
because here we will enforce gone
receiving all of you
answers is worth so good as you see
Well, here I told you that in the draw
would you put your name or nickname
you usually use and your friend code from the
nintendo 3ds as you see here are all
all your answers are valid
your names and all this so
well I think the first one is that ring
so let's copy all this worth
let's copy all of them to see what goes
going down to not leave or
none is worth
good to see we keep copying ok up
here until this one called boss is worth
so let's copy it and let's go
here to the page this is called
drawn and we're going to paste it here
let's look at that so everyone is
well there is no need to be correct
first that ring has to be valid
that's fine because if not, if there were
example two for example another name here
then it seems to me that the page is not
it updates it well so good some
you congratulated me you said
things do not and all this and well here we have
put in command of twitter, it's worth my
name as a good pokemon trainer
I leave this while I do not and I do not
wait I'm going to erase this so it's
do not give problems just in case it's worth
ok I'll leave it here until the code
ok and then to see if there is another below
I go here also just in case to see my
Friend code, I'll say my name again
pokemon served him better or it arrives
not yours here because we will go
erasing more than anything for this is worth and
well thank you very much well let's see
we are going to erase what is worth to leave
only the code more than anything
so that it goes well, it's good
put here I repeat it is worth so
it perfect for so I think it
is this I do not think it gives problems good
since we have all of you here
names and codes we will continue with
the pokemon raffle I'm going to put here one
because number of prizes will be for
a single person that's why I put one one
only person who was going to take these
three pokémons and anise with the skills
hidden and with six and bent so much
luck for all and let's know now
what
to win these three pokemon who will be
this winner or winner so let's
give it and draw and let's see who
it will be because it has touched Diego and his
Friend code is 54 29 86 01 09 46 as well
that many congratulations to you diego and
Well, I'm going to add you now
it's worth to this friend code that you've
put so I'll leave you now my
my nintendo 13'st friend's code
I will leave face will appear here and also
I'll leave it in the description, it's worth
almost always because I leave my codes
always from my consoles I leave here
down is worth in the description but good
I'm going to leave you here, which is the
that you have to add to me and when
you tell me so I'll pass you these three
pokemon and good to others so tell you
thank you very much for having
participated in this raffle that did not
worry because we will do more draws
that you already know what
I always do pokemon and good raffles
thank you very much everyone for
participate many congratulations to you and already
you know see you in the next video
see you later
[Music]